---
layout: post
author: Chris Hall
title: FIRST!
---

Annoying Internet trope aside, welcome to the first post I'll make on this
little blog of mine.

I've been giving some thought as to what I'd really want to put on here and,
while the obvious is "something programming related" because job, I decided it
might be best to focus on something else.  Something a little closer to home, as
they say.  That's not to say I won't talk about my day job, just that I don't
think I want to make it my primary focus.

So, what's closer to home than the thing I do for 8 to 10 hours a day?  Arguably,
the thing that consumes the most of my life?

I'd say the things I spend all my other time doing.  For the most part, my
answer to that question is "Video Games".

Looking back, this isn't very surpising to anyone that knows me.  I've been
sitting in front of TV's, controller in hand, for over 20 years now.  In that
time, I'd say I've aquired some amount of knowledge in the medium.  So much did
it shape my life that I wouldn't do what I do now without it.

My first forays into programming were because of my love of the video game.  My
desire to make one of my own.  Eventually, with a friend I met over the internet,
that dream eventually became a reality.

Unfortunately, that first run didn't survive the transition from dream to
reality.  After only a short year, it was dead and I was alone in my desire to
see it back on its feet.  It all worked out for the best, though.  My at-the-time
business partner got another job at my current employer and managed to get me in
the door.

Just goes to show that you should always follow your dreams.  Even if you fail
at what you set out to do doesn't mean you won't benefit from it.

I guess that's really what this is all about for me.  Following my dreams.
Right now, those dreams include this blog, for good or ill.  Maybe I'll be able
to acomplish something great with it.  Maybe it'll wallow in obscurity.  Either
way, I might learn something in the process and that's what it's really all
about.
